<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-us">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<link rel="dns-prefetch" href="//use.typekit.net">
<meta name="author" content="Li Sun" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/css/main.css" media="screen" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="donie's notes" href="http://feeds.feedburner.com/donie_notes" />
<link rel="icon" type="image/x-ico" href="/assets/favicon3.ico?42" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/assets/favicon3.ico?42" />
<link rel="apple-touch-icon-precomposed" href="/assets/main-icon.png" >
<title>donie's notes | .r002</title>
</head>
<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <a href="/">donie's notes</a> </div>
<div style="clear:both; border-bottom: 1px solid #ccc; width: 98%"></div>
<div id="content">
<article>
<div class="entry-title">
<h4> <a href="/2011/09/12/learn_ruby_002.html"> .r002 </a> </h4>
p. As may noticed, this blog was moved to full static pages, thanks to "Jekyll":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll , the fantastic page generator.

p. As well, this procedure also evolves ruby stuffs, which cost about half and day for a newbie like me to sort all these things out. Trying to list all the problems I met below, 所谓以儆效尤啊, lol:

p. rvm things, so following the topic in last article, version thing does cost a lot of time to deal with. At first, I would like to think that put 

<figure class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-bash" data-lang="bash">rvm list</code></pre></figure>

p. should list all ruby versions in the system, also include the version that come that from the system. But actually it's NOT. so use this:

<figure class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-bash" data-lang="bash">rvm system
ruby -v 
ruby 1.8.7 <span class="o">(</span>2010-01-10 patchlevel 249<span class="o">)</span> <span class="o">[</span>universal-darwin11.0<span class="o">]</span></code></pre></figure>

p. Voila.

For import textpattern blog posts to Jekyll, this part is pretty funny though. First, you'll need to copy the import utility(textpattern.rb) to local disk, and use the ruby file to import all you posts. Grab the open_gem to meet the prerequisite:

<figure class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-bash" data-lang="bash">gem install open_gem</code></pre></figure>

p. than

<figure class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-bash" data-lang="bash">gem open jekyll</code></pre></figure>

p. On my laptop, this will let vim to open the package structure, open that file and save it into wherever you want. then import data from txp database

<figure class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-ruby" data-lang="ruby"><span class="n">ruby</span> <span class="o">-</span><span class="n">r</span> <span class="s1">&#39;./_import/textpattern.rb&#39;</span> <span class="o">-</span><span class="n">e</span> <span class="s1">&#39;Jekyll::TextPattern.process(&quot;database_name&quot;, &quot;username&quot;, &quot;password&quot;, &quot;hostname&quot;)&#39;</span></code></pre></figure>

p. This file's operation could be tricky, it's database name was hard coded as "textpattern", in my previous environment, the database name is txp_textpattern, so be aware of that. And also you may need add a new line

<figure class="highlight"><pre><code class="language-ruby" data-lang="ruby"><span class="kp">include</span> <span class="s1">&#39;yaml&#39;</span></code></pre></figure>

p. in the rb file, cause I met this problem. 

_TBD._

<p class="meta">12 Sep 2011</p>
</article>


<div id="footer"><div id="credits">2015 © all rights reserved. layout inspired by <a href="http://jimbarraud.com/manifest/">manifest</a>. <br>
best viewed over the <a href="http://goo.gl/bIWJw">wall</a>. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="/log.html">sitelog</a>|&nbsp;<a href="/archive.html">archive</a>|&nbsp;<a href="/about.html">about</a></div></div>
</div>
</div>
</body>
<script type="text/javascript" src="//use.typekit.net/mfs0chf.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">try{Typekit.load();}catch(e){}</script>
</html>
