<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-us">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<link rel="dns-prefetch" href="//use.typekit.net">
<meta name="author" content="Li Sun" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/css/main.css" media="screen" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="donie's notes" href="http://feeds.feedburner.com/donie_notes" />
<link rel="icon" type="image/x-ico" href="/assets/favicon3.ico?42" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/assets/favicon3.ico?42" />
<link rel="apple-touch-icon-precomposed" href="/assets/main-icon.png" >
<title>donie's notes | Welcome to -Your-  +my+ Site!</title>
</head>
<body>
<div id="wrapper">
<div id="header"> <a href="/">donie's notes</a> </div>
<div style="clear:both; border-bottom: 1px solid #ccc; width: 98%"></div>
<div id="content">
<article>
<div class="entry-title">
<h4> <a href="/2009/08/12/welcome-to-your-site.html"> Welcome to -Your-  +my+ Site! </a> </h4>
h3.  -What do you want to do next?- +What should I do next?+

* Modify -or even delete- this article? The "article list"://textpattern/index.php?event=list is the place to start.
* Change this site's name -, or modify the style of the URLs- ? It's all up to your "preferences"://textpattern/index.php?event=prefs.
* Get yourself acquainted with Textile, the humane web text generator which comes with Textpattern? The basics are "simple": *http://textpattern.com/textile-sandbox* . If you want to learn more about Textile, you can dig into an "extensive manual": *http://textpattern.com/textile-reference-manual* later.
* Be guided through your "Textpattern first steps": *http://textpattern.com/textpattern-first-steps* by completing some basic tasks?
* Study the "Textpattern Semantic Model?": *http://textpattern.com/textpattern-semantic-model*
* Add "another user"://textpattern/index.php?event=admin, or extend the capabilities with "third party plugins": *//textpattern/index.php?event=plugin* you discovered from the central plugin directory at "Textpattern Resources": *http://textpattern.org/?* 
* Dive in and learn by trial and error? Then please note:
** When you "write": *//textpattern/index.php?event=article* an article you assign it to a section of your site.
** Sections use a "page template": *//textpattern/index.php?event=page* and a "style": *//textpattern/index.php?event=css* as an output scaffold.
** Page templates use XHTML and Textpattern tags (like this: @<txp:article />@) to build the markup.
** Some Textpattern tags use "forms"://textpattern/index.php?event=form, which are building blocks for reusable snippets of code and markup you may build and use at your discretion.

There are a host of "Frequently Asked Questions":http://textpattern.com/faq/ to help you get started.

"Textpattern tags":http://textpattern.com/textpattern-tag-reference, their attributes and values are as well explained as sampled at the "Textbook Wiki":http://textbook.textpattern.net/, where you will also find valuable tips and tutorials.

If all else fails, there's a whole crowd of friendly, helpful people over at the "Textpattern support forum": *http://forum.textpattern.com/.* Come and pay a visit!

低调而又底气十足的说一声： _Hello world!_

<p class="meta">12 Aug 2009</p>
</article>


<div id="footer"><div id="credits">2015 © all rights reserved. layout inspired by <a href="http://jimbarraud.com/manifest/">manifest</a>. <br>
best viewed over the <a href="http://goo.gl/bIWJw">wall</a>. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="/log.html">sitelog</a>|&nbsp;<a href="/archive.html">archive</a>|&nbsp;<a href="/about.html">about</a></div></div>
</div>
</div>
</body>
<script type="text/javascript" src="//use.typekit.net/mfs0chf.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">try{Typekit.load();}catch(e){}</script>
</html>
